Cost function class (#654)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: docs/source/extending/jacobian_extend.rst

   ``fitbenchmarking/jacobian/tests/test_jacobians.py``.

The :class:`~fitbenchmarking.parsing.fitting_problem.FittingProblem` and :class:`~fitbenchmarking.cost_func.base_cost_func.CostFunc`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When adding new cost functions, you will find it helpful to make use of the

Author: ```suggestion
When adding new Jacobian, you will find it helpful to make use of the
```

following members of the :class:`~fitbenchmarking.parsing.fitting_problem.FittingProblem`

> and subclasses of :class:`~fitbenchmarking.cost_func.base_cost_func.CostFunc` class:

Author: ```suggestion
and subclasses of :class:`~fitbenchmarking.cost_func.base_cost_func.CostFunc`:
```
